Improve README (#569)
OpenVPN/openvpn-gui: README.rst

Manual installation of OpenVPN GUI
**********************************

> * First complete installation using an official OpenVPN installer as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* First install OpenVPN using an official installer as described above.
```
"complete installation" is difficult to parse since it might be "adjective noun" or "verb noun". Simplify the sentence.

Author: Thanks for proof-editing my sloppy writing. Updated and force-pushed.

  and to add the user to it. This will only work if admin-level credentials are
  available.
* Use the "Import file" function in OpenVPN GUI itself

> * See the section on `Persistent or Pre-started connections`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See the section on `Persistent or Pre-started connections`_
```
Syntax error.

    OR
    openvpn-gui --connect office

> Starting version 11.34, any active connection when OpenVPN GUI exits or user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting version 11.34, any connections active when OpenVPN GUI exits or the user
```
Fix singular/plural misalignment. Try to make the sentence easier to parse.
